T9	VH004340	Phạm Văn Hoàn	5/6/2019	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Team 2	G	Senior Engineer	G2	  	  	1.75L-HC	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	HC	2.233E-HC	 	 	  	  	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	1.417L-HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	19	 19.0 	 -   	 -   	0.00	0.00	32.33	1.00	25.00	1.50	0.00	0.00	0.00	5.40	9.00		G2

T10	VH004340	Phạm Văn Hoàn	5/6/2019	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Team 2	G	Senior Engineer	G2	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	0.05L-HC	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	R	HC	HC	22	 21.0 	 -   	 1.0 	0.00	0.00	37.50	7.33	36.50	1.50	0.00	0.00	0.00	0.05	21.33		G2


Hello everyone, my fullname is Nguyen Minh Duc, my English name is Victor.
Iam an intership at the NPI1 department, on AA process and my mentor is Mr.Louis.
Today, i will show u about my final presentation.

I divide the presentation into 3 parts are:
- Part 1: Camera module introduction
- Part 2: Active align process
- Part 3: Measurements

The first is about camera module introduction.
A camera module is constructed from some components like VCM, Lens, IRCF, Substrate,
sensor, FPCB and stiffener. It is often used in many fields, including some 
familiar products like Iphone, PC and Tablet. So how to product a camera module ?

In our company, the production process is divided into 2 main section: FOL and EOL.
Both FOL and EOL involve many steps but here I will outline the main steps.

FOL is standfor front of line, includes 6 main steps as u can see.
- Stud Bump: Creating a Gold bump by using ultrasonic 
	    waves to cut and attach the bump to the Sensor's Bond Pad
						 (power contact pin)
- Flip Chip: Using ultrasonic waves on the HTCC to attach the sensor
- Underfill: Coating the back of the Sensor 
	    with epoxy glue that has been mounted on the HTCC
- IRCF Attack: Attaching IRCF (IR cut filter) 
	      after coating epoxy on HTCC
- Lens Insertion: Attaching Lens and VCM
- Active Align: Adjusting the sensor and optical 
	      correction of the lens, then attaching the VCM and HTCC

EOL is standfor end of line, also includes 6 main steps.
- Laser Soldering:  Welding the HTCC groove with the AF electrode of
		  the VCM using laser welding equipment
- FPCB Bonding:	    Using ACF device, attaching FPCB after applying
 		  ACF film to ACF Pad on the back of HTCC
- Stiffener Attack: Attaching Stiffener after spraying AG and Thermal 
		  Epoxy on the back of the FPCB Module with ACF attached.
- Stiffener Sidefill: Spraying Ag epoxy into the space 
		  between VCM and Stiffener
- Neck Reinforcement: Using Up Tester, checking for dust, 
		  AF movements and Camera module features
- Laser Making:	     Using Down Tester, performing 
		  calibration of the color features of the image
(1 presentation has 10-15 minutes so if it doesn't enough time, can fast read
the process)

Active align step is the step where iam working on. 
Active align can be abbreviated as AA

In part 2, i will tell you more details about AA process.	

Slide 8: this is structure of AA machine
 2 inputs: HTCC and VCM; 
 2 outputs: product and NG product
 index table
 4 station including: chart, gripper, socket, collimator, OC lamp, UV Led, bufer


Slide 9: AA stage-connection: 
 There are 2 signal transmission lines from HTCC and VCM
 - if one part relating connection of HTCC lost, it causes to 
   CCD error which means that machine cannot detect image
	=> replace hardware or offset software to fix
 - if one part relating connection of VCM lost, cannot adjust lens moving and
	NVM fail

Slide 10: flow process
 HTCC is placed to index table for cleaning and dispensing.
Then, the loading hand will take the HTCC to the socket.
 The loading hand will take the VCM to scan the Barcode, 
cleaning and place it into the buffer.
 After that, machine performs AA stage to attaching HTCC and VCM. Then product will
be UV cured and shipped to ouput magazine by unloading hand. During the AA process
, if there is a false product, it will be placed in the NG tray.
The finished product needs to be put into the oven within 2 hours.
Otherwise, the glue will lose its adhesion and damage the product.

Slide 11: AA stage-sequence: some items can be changed: 
 VCM Z-axis thru-focus; VCM driving thru-focus; UV; 
 DAC-distance moved each time the z-axis is lowered and movement speed
 theta-offset: rotation
 tilt setting limit
 OC offset: Ox, Oy
 
- Move to AA stage (transfer): status of machine
- On load HTCC: load HTCC to AA position
- Move to AA position: sensor initializing, image grabbing, VCM initializing
	VCM carrier move down, AF current check using by MCU board
- VCM Z-axis down: image capture
- VCM Thru-focus (1st): Control the height of the VCM to check the tilt
	Begin lens is at nature position; 
	Thru-focus: lens downs to the bottom hard stop; 
	Searching Inf. by motor
- Adjust Tilting (Tx, Ty): adjust the height of VCM to tilt compensation
- Corner & SFR check: test center position and 4 corner to check
  	the resolution of 5 points in the camera (SFR-spatial frequency response).
- VCM driving Thru-focus (lens): Control the height of the len to check the tilt
	Offset VCM by 60um to achieve target BLT of 80um
	Drive lens up to target NLAZ position; searching Inf. by lens
- Adjust Tilting: adjust the height of lens to tilt compensation
- Final SFR check: if it is not suitable, product will be come back to step
  VCM driving Thru-focus and be checked again. If it is still NG, it will be 
  moved to NG tray
- OC 1st: check OC and compenstate
- OC 2nd: check OC 2nd
- UV: to temporarily dry the glue

slide 12: 
 Epoxy pattern is built from 16 points, this is result of detect step.
 - Disconnection:
	Reason: air in the glue bottle
	Affect: dust can intrude internal HTCC
	Fix: centrifuge to remove air bubbles; 
	     remove glue for 30-60 seconds before using
 - Shift:
	Reason: Misalignment of the position of the glue nozzle or the align light
	Affect: affects components and solder pins
	Fix: adjust the glue nozzle and the align light
	     adjust offset x, y dimensions

In MBO, there are numerous items, but I'll mention some of the aspects that I have been involved in implementing
slide 14: dispensing test
 It has two items to check
 - Height:
	Factor affecting: the height between HTCC and glue nozzle
	Affect: too much, overflow => affects components and solder pins
		too less, risk of causing disconnection
 - Width:
	Factor affecting: pressure
	Affect: too much, overflow => affects components and solder pins
		too less, risk of causing disconnection

slide 15: rotation-Check the deviation between HTCC and VCM
 	Factor affecting: chart - compare image from chart and sensor
 	Reason: Chart was rotated when set up hardware
 	Fix: difference between A and B is more than 0.5, adjust chart 
             otherwise, adjust offset to rotate the VCM in the opposite 
	     direction to compensate for the deviation of the chart

slide 16: OC-check optical center
	Factor affecting: chart
 	Reason: - Chart was tilted when set up hardware
 	Fix: adjust chart 
             adjust offset of OC-gripper

slide 17: BLT
	Factor affecting: Performance of lens and VCM (pre-step) 
 	Reason: cube height is constant, HTCC height is constant 
		=> VCM height can be changed => change BLT 
 	Fix: recommend to pre-step
	     adjust Z offset
            

slide 18: cosmetic
 	Factor affecting: chart, gripper, nozzle
 	Reason:	
	- VCM gap: Because the lens is tilted, the VCM must compensate for 
		   the tilt, so one side is low and the other is high 
		   => the high side has the risk of causing the terminal pin 
		   not to touch the HTCC 
		   => fix: set spec tilt limit; 
			   if it tilts too much, it's NG
	- Epoxy: dispensing (disconnect, shift)
	- Lens coating: pre-step, dubbing
	- Rotation: chart
	- Chipping: gripper, pick-up VCM
 	Fix: adjust gripper height offset
	     adjust chart
	      	     

slide 19: shear	
 	Factor affecting: 
		- Time
		- Temperature (oven); Luminance (UV)
 	Reason: - it is not enough time or temperature (luminance)
		- epoxy line is too small 
 	Fix: adjust time and temperature (oven)
	     adjust time and luminance (UV)
	     adjust dispensing

I would like to express my gratitude to Mr. A for giving me the opportunity to intern at our company. 
Thanks to everyone in the path, especially Mr. Louis, for assisting me during the internship.
Thank you so much.

Question:
1. Slide 12, why do point 15, 16 take no pressure?
2. SC_South Carolina
3. After UV treatment, the glue will temporarily harden and maintain for 2 hours
4. The reason why dividing FOL and EOL is in FOL HTCC and VCM have not been put 
together yet so the possibility of dust contamination on the camera (IRCF, sensor) 
during the FOL process is more than EOL. 
5. Spec OC in AA machine is +-5 (pixel), in OC tester is +-35 (pixel) 
6. 
T09	VH013874	Nguyễn Thị Minh Huyền	5/29/2023	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Team 2	G	Assistant	A1	  	  	HC	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	HC	HC	 	 	  	  	HC	ANL	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	ANL	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	17.0 	 2.0(nghi) 	 -   	8.00(thuong)	0.00(dem)	35.00(T7)	8.00(lễ)	A1

T10	VH013874	Nguyễn Thị Minh Huyền	5/29/2023	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Department	Process Engineering Team 2	G	Assistant	A1	HC	HC	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	ANL	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	ANL	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	ANL	HC	HC1	  	  	HC	HC	ANL	 18.0 	 4.0(nghỉ) 	 -   	12.17	33.50	A1


